Expand identity acronyms (#13)
fedidcg/fedidcg.github.io: charters/Proposed-WG-WebIdentityCredentials.md

## Scope

> The Working Group will specify new web platform features intended to be implemented in browsers or similar user agents. The purpose of these features is to support authentication and authorization flows without compromising security principles for Identity Providers (IdPs), Relying Parties (RPs), and User Agents as well as user privacy. Here \"privacy\" minimally refers to the appropriate processing of personal information. The result of this work is the development of new mechanisms that define how information is passed by the browser between the RP and the IdP to facilitate federated authentication; it is not an authentication method.

Reviewer: Small changes look much larger when there are no intermediary line breaks in the source (the `.md`)... The quotation mark has no special function in markdown; it does not need the backslash escaping. The `as well as` in the other sentence is misplaced and dysfunctional; hence, I've rephrased that sentence.
```suggestion
The Working Group will specify new web platform features intended to be implemented in browsers or similar user agents. The purpose of these features is to support authentication and authorization flows without compromising user privacy nor security principles for Identity Providers (IdPs), Relying Parties (RPs), or User Agents. Here, "privacy" minimally refers to the appropriate processing of personal information. The result of this work is the development of new mechanisms that define how information is passed by the browser between the RP and the IdP to facilitate federated authentication; it is not an authentication method.
```

Author: This PR is only for expanding acronyms, not other text changes. Please create a new PR if you'd like to propose additional changes.

> If the mechanisms developed to support authentication and authorization flows look like they will result in breaking changes for existing protocols, work on that mechanism must include a well-documented transition period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the mechanisms developed to support authentication and authorization flows looks like it will result in breaking changes for existing protocols, work on that mechanism must include a well-documented transition period.
```

Author: This PR is only for expanding acronyms, not other text changes. Please create a new PR if you'd like to propose additional changes.
